How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

b/c diff shows the difference. it’s much harder to identify the differences by looking at it with the human eye.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

can always go back to a previous version
don’t have to manually save versions with naming convention

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

pros: more control—programmer has a better sense of good committing points, flexibility
cons: could forget to commit or commit too much too little

auto save pros: will always save on a predetermined interval useful if you forget to commit
cons: commit point may not be at a good logical stopping point   

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately? 

Git is for code, which usually requires multiple files to work together.
tracking multiple (and finding the latest) versions for each of those files would be hard manage.



Google Docs treats each file as mutually exclusive, it assumes the files aren’t interrelated. no need to treat files as groups

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

you use git log to view full history of commits for repository
use git diff to compare two commits to see the differences


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

b/c I could always go back to a previous working version…allows one to be more bold

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

simple version control for a directory of java code

What have I learned so far?
learned about git
learned how to clone repository
learned how to commit changes and when to commit changes
learned how to checkout different versions to id errors